Yuma: Last time on
Yu-gi-Oh! Zexal...
My first fan mail. I'm so
excited, I can't wait to see it!
Haha! Hey, this is a baby
tiragon Card just like the one
flip tried to give me.
I can't believe I've
got an xyz monster!
FLIP: Yes, indeed you do, yuma.
And I've got you right
where I want ya.
I'll summon Forth Baby tiragon!
Thanks to ultra c, when baby
tiragon is summoned
out to your field,
I can summon one xyz monster
straight from your deck!
Which means...
utopia is all mine!
ASTRAL: Flip planned this
from the very start.
Ah! So then that card
sent by you?
That's right. And
that note on your back
tells you what
we're dueling for.
If I lose this duel,
I agree to give flip
a card from my deck.
Which card of mine is it
that we're playing for?
Why the card you beat shark with
of course,
your utopia card!
Utopia is a number card.
If yuma loses that, then
I too shall be lost.
Now ultra C,
activate!
And with your power, I summon
utopia from yuma's deck!
This isn't gonna
be easy...
♪ if life is a game
they say I can't win ♪
♪ I'll never amount to nothin' ♪
♪ tear me down
before my life begins ♪
♪ I won't be afraid
to challenge myself ♪
♪ they won't ever
break my fire ♪
♪ my dreams won't die
if I high-Five the sky ♪
♪ spread my wings take
off it's time to fly ♪
♪ take a chance to
make it all the way ♪
♪ take a chance
forgetting yesterday ♪
♪ take a chance believe ♪
♪ nothing will bring me down ♪
♪ no retreat when I
leave all my fears behind ♪
♪ my future's still
alive inside ♪
♪ take a chance and
Chase my doubts away ♪
♪ believing gets me
through my darkest days ♪
♪ take a chance to
make it all the way ♪
♪ take a chance
forgetting yesterday ♪
♪ take a breath my heart
will lead the way ♪
♪ take a chance, I'll
take a chance in today ♪
Hahaha, sorry yuma but
utopia, your best monster,
is now under my control.
And utopia stays with me as long
as it's equipped with Ultra c.
There's no way you can stop me.
Victory will be mine and so will
your precious utopia card!
Ugh, I can't believe flip
tricked me into this jam.
[whimpering]
[screaming]
whoa, you okay?
No yuma, I'm not okay...
I feel much, much
better than okay.
What on earth is going on?
Something... taking over...
Eerie Voice: Yes, let
the number take hold.
[screaming]
it seems flip has been
infected by a number.
By a number?
[Eerie Giggling]
whoa - 39.
That's utopia's number.
This isn't good.
Astral!
My... my body.
What's going on? What's
happening to you?
In a duel where number
cards are used,
the Winner absorbs
the loser's number cards.
And if I recall correctly,
if that happens,
it means bad news
for astral.
Quit talking to yourself.
After all,
we have a duel to finish.
Yeah, and the stakes have never
been higher. If I'm gonna
stand a chance, I'm gonna need
to take down utopia. But to
beat a number monster, I need a
number monster. Good thing I
have TWO: Leviathan Dragon and
terror-Byte. Problem is,
right now level 4 gagaga and
level 2 full elf won't help me
in summoning either of them.
so that means,
i've got no other choice...
I end my turn.
Given up already, yuma?
Let me show ya how a
Winner duels.
Watch and... learn!
I think I'll start things off
with a bang. Actually,
make that a slash!
Utopia, attack full elf!
Looks like I've just taken the
lead in life points.
And I aim to keep it!
I now place a monster
facedown in defense mode!
There, that's how ya take a
turn with some talent.
Why don't you try it again?
Careful What ya wish
for, flip. Here goes!
Perfect! This card should
get my duel motor runnin'.
I summon level 3 rai Rider!
[Engine REVVING]
next I activate
gagaga's ability!
Which means, this
card's level
can change to a number between 1
and 8 until the end of the turn.
So I'll be changing gagaga
magician to level 3,
just like rai Rider, and you
know what that means...
I can overlay gagaga
magician and rai Rider.
And now I'll use this overlay
network to summon out...
a mighty xyz!
So say hello to, number 17...
leviathan Dragon!
[Roaring]
number 17?
So then I guess there
are a bunch of numbers.
All the more for
me to snatch up.
I activate the
trap card...
traitor fog!
Whoa, what's going on now?
A fog is rolling in.
And it's about to roll back your
life points, yuma. Because now,
I gain control of the monster
you just summoned!
Leviathan Dragon, no!
[Eerie giggling]
Oh yeah!
Aw man, now things are
twice as bad for me.
[weak groaning]
and for astral, too.
[keys beeping]
TORI: I knew it!
This photo has been doctored.
Bronk: You're totally right,
it's a pure cut and paste job!
Yeah, and not just on
one photo, on them all!
I knew yuma was innocent,
and now we can prove it.
Yeah but who was
behind all this?
Hmm...
I dunno, but maybe Spencer does.
We gotta find him!
Lemme Try his cell again.
[ringing]
Spencer. It's Tori and bronk.
Spencer: Oh... hey there.
Where are you? We've been
looking for you.
Yeah, I've been busy.
With what?
Gotta go. Bye!
Huh?
He hung up!
Yeah But the chimes we heard
gave away his location.
Astral! You okay?
Say something.
There he goes talking
to himself again.
Yuma, it's clear that you've
already lost your mind.
Now let's get back to the match
so you can lose this duel too!
What is it with you?
Why do you gotta be so
mean all the time, flip?
I'm not mean, the world is!
And I learned it
the hard way, yuma.
You see, I wasn't
always like this.
I was once a sap like you!
It was way back when I first
entered the duel monsters
world...
boy A: Hey, flip. We
heard you started dueling.
Would you mind teaching us?
I'd be glad to!
So what are you puttin' up?
What do you mean 'put up'?
boy B: He means which card?
The Winner of the duel
gets a card from the loser.
I dunno...
but you do know way more about
dueling than us, so there's no
way you're gonna lose.
Totally flip, you've really
got nothing to worry about.
Uh...
but they were lying.
I had plenty to worry about.
They knew how to duel.
[screaming]
"Still, I fell for it
over and over again.
Soon I had lost almost
all of my cards."
You know what they say guys,
there's a sucker
born every minute.
Funny, a minute's about
how long it takes to
beat lil' flip in a duel too!
"They were nice to my face, but
mean behind my back.
That's when I realized that
there was always something going
on on the flip side."
[crying]
"and that's when I decided...
I would learn to become the
master of the flip side!"
sad story.
Spencer?
He's not here.
Well he's gotta be somewhere.
Let's keep looking.
Spencer?
Spencer!
And so it began...
and the more I studied the way
of the flip side,
the more I learned.
It applied to everything.
"And I took advantage. If my
enemies were pretending
to be nice but were truly mean,
I would pretend to be
fair But would truly
cheat!"
[screaming]
"and it worked."
"I got all my cards back, and
something I didn't see coming...
respect.
Soon I developed all sorts of
different strategies
to get what I wanted
with my flip side method."
And without fail,
it always worked.
I won at everything.
Including Duels, where
winning matters the most!
But that's where
you're wrong, flip!
Dueling's not just
about winning.
It's about having fun,
and doing the best you can do.
You know who says things like
that, yuma?
Total losers like
you who never win.
Any luck, bronk?
I got nothing.
Aw, and we've looked
everywhere.
Wait, did you go
to the old gym?
I thought you did.
Let's move out.
Spencer!
[Dominos clicking]
what do you want? I was
so close to Being finished!
Sorry Spencer, we didn't
mean to interrupt your uh...
your Uh, actually,
what exactly are you doing?
I'm setting up dominos.
Flip said he'd give me an xyz
monster if I spent all day in
here making this
line up for him.
Together: Flip said that?
Of course...
Flip Sent those photos out and
tricked Spencer into hiding out
here, so that Spencer wouldn't
be able to tell anyone
the toad photo's a fake!
But the question is why?
TOGETHER: A duel!
The only number monster I have
left is terror-Byte,
and I can't waste any
time in summoning it.
So it's a good thing I have the
spell release lease.
Hopefully, it'll give me a new
lease on this duel.
Cause with it, I can get rid of
a monster on my field, to add a
level 3 monster to my hand.
Now let's get to it,
and release baby tiragon.
Yuma, you must
protect Baby tiragon.
Huh?
It is our only hope.
Astral, are you okay?
Protect Baby tiragon.
But baby tiragon can't
defeat a number monster!
Protect Tiragon...
[Whimpering]
alright, I'm switching baby
tiragon Into defense mode!
Then I'll place one card
facedown, and end my turn!
And it will be the last
card that you play.
Cause now it's my turn.
And that means you're...
through!
Where could yuma be?
The only place we haven't
checked is the mall.
I play leviathan
Dragon's ability!
And now yuma,
by using up one of
it's overlay units,
leviathan gains
500 attack points!
Next, I'm going
to do a flip summon!
What's a flip summon?
I thought we'd been
over this yuma...
I can turn a monster that's
facedown
and in defense mode -
Face-up.
Oh, and I can make it change
into attack mode as well.
See for yourself.
Rise, flipangutan!
Now to use flipangutan's
flip effect!
It switches your monster from
defense mode to attack mode!
Oh No, so much for
protecting baby tiragon!
Now go,
make that baby go boom,
leviathan Dragon!
Sonic Shredding stream!
I activate the trap
half unbreak!
But it gives me a big break,
cause now one monster
on my field can't be destroyed
this turn. Also, the damage from
your attack is cut in half!
So your trap protects
you from full damage.
But if you recall, utopia has
2500 pounding attack points.
So this attack is still gonna
pack a heavy punch!
So let him have it, utopia!
[Screaming]
but I'm not done yet.
I'm now activating the spell
card book of flip!
With this card, I can now flip
flipangutan facedown.
Which means I can use it's
special ability again.
So if I switch baby
tiragon to defense mode,
if flip attacks,
flipangutan's special ability
will change it back
to attack mode.
And I'll be in big trouble.
Bingo!
Also, you only have 300 life
points left.
Which means,
as soon as it
becomes my turn again,
I'll be able to
take you out for good.
And take your utopia!
This is bad.
Yuma!
Tori! Bronk!
Yuma, what's happening?
I'll tell you what's
happening.
I'm about to beat
your Buddy!
Whoa, flip's
winning by a ton!
Yeah, and why are utopia and
leviathan on his field?
Those are yuma's
monsters.
They were his, till I
snatched them from him.
it's my turn, but I only have
300 life points left.
i've gotta protect them.
Here goes... I draw!
aw, stinging swordsman?
that's not the kinda
defense I was hoping for.
[laughing]
by your expression I'd say you
didn't get the card you wanted.
ugh, guess I don't have much of
a poker face.
Yuma...
Well, don't blame
your duel deck too much.
After all, I doubt you could do
much with any card at this
point. What, with the useless
xyz monster you have out on your
field, it's points are a
joke!
Points don't make
the monster.
"Protect Tiragon..."
Wait, I wonder if astral
meant... of course.
He wanted me to protect tiragon
for its ability,
not it's defense points.
A great ability is the flip side
of lots of weak monsters.
And now, get ready tiragon!
I summon stinging swordsman!
Only 300 attack points?
That monster can't
possibly hurt me!
I wouldn't be so sure.
And would ya like
to know why, flip?
Cause baby tiragon's
not so useless.
And cause I'm feelin' the flow!
Baby tiragon,
by using your overlay unit, my
level 1 monster
stinging swordsman
Can attack flip directly.
So now, let's do it!
Take it to him!
Excuse me if I don't
go running for the hills,
but 300 points of damage isn't
exactly flinch worthy.
Oh yeah?
Try this.
I play stinging
Swordsman's ability!
Stinging SWORDSMAN:
Slash hurricane!
Slash hurricane?
You see flip, when stinging
Swordsman successfully
deals you damage,
then all spell and trap
cards on your field
return to your hand.
All of them?
Bingo!
And if the cards that snatched
utopia and leviathan Dragon
return to your hand, then
return to me.
No please, you can't
do this to me!
Yeah! Welcome home,
you two!
Astral, you okay?
Not yet.
Huh?
Go leviathan!
Attack that facedown
card!
No, it's my duel,
don't go!
Then again,
that's a pretty good call!
Leviathan, attack flip's
facedown card!
Go Sonic shredding
stream!
Alright!
Flip doesn't have any monsters
left on the field now!
Utopia, go and
take him down!
Rising Sun slash!
[Screaming]
Mommy, ahh!
[Cheering]
Yeah!
That's how ya flow!
Yuma!
Way to go, Buddy!
Female VOICE: There are
two for one pretzels
in the food court today. Get
your coupons at the mall kiosk.
Nicely done.
You saved me from a
very bad fate.
Aw, I didn't do it for you,
I just wanted to win.
Yuma!
That was an amazing
comeback, bud.
Yeah, I guess it
was pretty great.
All my tricks...
and still I...
lost.
Hey, flip?
Huh?
I believe
this belongs to you.
It did.
It does. Take it.
You earned it flip.
Just like you earned my
respect the right way,
by not cheating.
That's gotta feel good
inside, doesn't it?
Yeah, I guess it
sorta does.
Sorta?
Listen, all the respect you
think you got by cheating,
wasn't real at all. You were
just tricking yourself.
Maybe... or maybe
This is just a trick.
And the flip side is you're
gonna make me look
like a big fool.
Come on,
that's impossible.
I mean, there's no way I could
make you look foolish.
Not with those dope specs
you're always sporting.
They're pretty hip!
You think my
glasses are... hip?
Yeah, totally.
[crying]
yuma!
That's the nicest thing
anyone's ever said to me!
Forget the flip side,
life can be pretty great
when you just take
something at face value!
So I'm turning over
a new leaf right now.
You keep the card, yuma!
Huh? Are you sure?
Yeah.
[laughing]
thanks!
I did kinda form a
little bit of a bond with it!
And Hey, like you
said before flip,
this card can be a
symbol of our friendship!
Sounds Good!
[Laughing]
maybe there's no
flip side to this,
but there is an
annoying side.
Observation #9:
Glasses are hip.
Okay, you guys can stop
laughing now. Really.
My last domino.
Wait...no...
no... noooo!
[Dominos clicking]
I am so gonna flip out!